chore: react-combobox spec and migration docs update (#26396)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-components/react-combobox/docs/Migration.md

# @fluentui/react-combobox Migration Guide

## Migration from v8 Dropdown

> The v8 Dropdown component should be replaced with the [v9 Select](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/blob/master/packages/react-select/Spec.md) or v9 Dropdown component. The biggest change is that the v8 `options: IDropdownOption[]` prop should be mapped to children in v9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The v8 Dropdown component should be replaced with the [v9 Select](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/blob/master/packages/react-select/Spec.md) or v9 Dropdown component. The biggest change is that the v8 `options: IDropdownOption[]` prop is mapped to children in v9.
```

Reviewer: You have a link to v9 Select. Is there a link to v9 Dropdown?

Author: Ah, I didn't add links to the controls in this package (so Combobox and Dropdown), since I assumed they were already at this package's docs, and I don't have separate specs for Combobox and Dropdown.

### Property mapping

| v8 Dropdown            | v9 Dropdown               |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------- |
| `options`              | `<Option>` children       |
| `ariaLabel`            | Native `aria-*` props     |
| `calloutProps`         | `positioning` + `listbox` |
| `className`            | `className`               |
| `componentRef`         | `ref`                     |
| `defaultSelectedKeys`  | defaultSelectedOptions    |
| `disabled`             | `disabled`                |
| `dropdownWidth`        | `listbox` slot styles     |
| `errorMessage`         | Handled by Field          |
| `id`                   | `id`                      |

> | `label`                | Handled by Field          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `label`                | Handled by Field or Label        |
```

| `multiSelect`          | `multiselect`             |
| `multiSelectDelimiter` | controlled `value`        |
| `notifyOnReselect`     | `onClick` on Option       |
| `onChange`             | `onOptionSelect`          |
| `onDismiss`            | `onOpenChange`            |
| `onRenderCaretDown`    | `expandIcon` slot         |
| `onRenderContainer`    | `listbox` slot            |
| `onRenderLabel`        | Handled by Field          |
| `onRenderItem`         | children                  |
| `onRenderList`         | `listbox` slot            |
| `onRenderOption`       | `<Option>` children       |
| `onRenderPlaceholder`  | `button` slot             |
| `onRenderTitle`        | `button` slot             |
| `openOnKeyboardFocus`  | controlled `open`         |
| `panelProps`           | N/A                       |
| `placeholder`          | `placeholder`             |
| `required`             | `required`                |
| `selectedKey(s)`       | `selectedOptions`         |

> | `styles`               | `styles`                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Isn't the `styles` prop a v8-specific styling hook that is removed in v9?

Author: It's not a hook, but an object that needs to match a component-specific interface for overriding styles: https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/fluentui#/controls/web/combobox#IComboBoxStyles

I included it in the prop table b/c it's part of the v8 interface, but I'll update the v9 mapping to be "`className` or HTML `style` prop".

Author: actually ended up with `makeStyles` or the HTML `style` prop`

## From v8 ComboBox

The v8 ComboBox component should be replaced with the v9 Combobox component. The biggest differences are as follows:

> - The v8 `options: IComboBoxOption[]` prop should be mapped to children in v9 (as with Dropdown)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The v8 `options: IComboBoxOption[]` prop is mapped to children in v9
```

- Filtering is handled by authors by updating children

> - The v9 Combobox allows users to type any text while the input is focused. The value is updated to a matching option (or none) when blurred, unless `freeform` is true. If allowing typing is not desired, Dropdown is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The v9 Combobox allows users to type any text while the input is focused. The value is updated to a matching option (or none) when blurred, unless `freeform` is true. If you don't need typing support use Dropdown.
```

| `buttonIconProps`        | `expandIcon` slot                              |
| `calloutProps`           | `positioning` + `listbox`                      |
| `caretDownButtonStyles`  | `expandIcon` slot                              |
| `className`              | `className`                                    |
| `comboBoxOptionStyles`   | `<Option>` children                            |
| `componentRef`           | `ref`                                          |
| `defaultSelectedKeys`    | defaultSelectedOptions                         |
| `disabled`               | `disabled`                                     |
| `dropdownMaxWidth`       | `listbox` slot styles                          |
| `dropdownWidth`          | `listbox` slot styles                          |
| `errorMessage`           | Handled by Field                               |
| `getClassNames`          | `useComboboxStyles` hook                       |
| `iconButtonProps`        | `expandIcon` slot                              |
| `id`                     | `id`                                           |
| `isButtonAriaHidden`     | `expandIcon` slot, not recommended             |

> | `label`                  | Handled by Field                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `label`                  | Handled by Field or Label                              |
```

| `onRenderLowerContent`   | children                                       |
| `onRenderOption`         | `<Option>` children                            |
| `onRenderPlaceholder`    | `button` slot                                  |
| `onRenderTitle`          | `button` slot                                  |
| `onRenderUpperContent`   | children                                       |
| `onResolveOptions`       | N/A                                            |
| `onScrollToItem`         |                                                |
| `openOnKeyboardFocus`    | controlled `open`                              |
| `panelProps`             | N/A                                            |
| `persistMenu`            |                                                |
| `placeholder`            | `placeholder`                                  |
| `required`               | `required`                                     |
| `scrollSelectedToTop`    |                                                |
| `selectedKey(s)`         | `selectedOptions`                              |
| `shouldRestoreFocus`     |                                                |

> | `styles`                 | `styles`                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| `text`                   | `value`                                        |
| `useComboBoxAsMenuWidth` | default behavior, `listbox` styles to override |

\*In v9, any native HTML properties supported on an `<input>` element may be set on `<Combobox>`, including the `onChange` handler. Because of this, the v8 `onChange` selection callback has been updated to `onOptionSelect`. The v9 Combobox's `onChange` event behavior is the same as for an `<input>` element, or the v9 Input control.

## From v0 Dropdown

> The v0 Dropdown should be replaced with the v9 Combobox if it allows typing with `search: true`, and by the v9 Dropdown if it does not. The most significant difference in moving to v9 is that the v0 Dropdown `items` should be defined as child `<Option>`s of the v9 Combobox or Dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The v0 Dropdown should be replaced with the v9 Combobox if it allows typing with `search: true`, and by the v9 Dropdown if it does not. The most significant difference in moving to v9 is that the v0 Dropdown `items` are defined as child `<Option>`s of the v9 Combobox or Dropdown.
```

| `onBlur`                      | `onBlur`                            |
| `onChange`                    | `onOptionSelect`\*                  |
| `onHighlightedIndexChange`    |                                     |
| `onOpenChange`                | `onOpenChange`                      |
| `onSearchQueryChange`         | `onChange`\*                        |
| `open`                        | `open`                              |
| `overflowBoundary`            | `listbox` styles                    |
| `placeholder`                 | `placeholder`                       |
| `popperRef`                   | `listbox` slot's `ref`              |
| `position`                    | `positioning`                       |
| `positionFixed`               | `listbox` styles                    |
| `renderItem`                  | children                            |
| `renderSelectedItem`          | children or `<Option>` styles       |
| `search`                      | use Combobox instead of Dropdown    |
| `searchInput`                 | Combobox primary slot               |
| `searchQuery`                 | `value`                             |

> | `styles`                      | `styles`                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
